docs: Add Kubernetes executor S3 logging docs (#576)
stackabletech/airflow-operator: docs/modules/airflow/pages/usage-guide/using-kubernetes-executors.adoc

      resources:
        # ...
----

== Logging

> Kubernetes Executors and their respective Pods only live as long as the DAG they run. Afterwards the Pod is immediatly terminated and e.g. console output or logs are gone.

Reviewer: One task -> One Pod. A DAG can have multiple tasks.
```suggestion
Kubernetes Executors and their respective Pods only live as long as the task they are executing.
Afterwards the Pod is immediately terminated and e.g. console output or logs are gone.
```

> In order to persist executor logs, Airflow can be configured to store its https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers-cncf-kubernetes/stable/kubernetes_executor.html[executor logs on disk (PV)] or as described in the following section on S3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to persist task logs, Airflow can be configured to store its https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers-cncf-kubernetes/stable/kubernetes_executor.html#managing-dags-and-logs[executor logs on disk (PV)] or as described in the following section on S3.
```

=== Airflow Web UI

> In the Airflow Web UI, click on `Admin` -> `Connections` -> `Add a new record` (the plus). Then enter your minio host and credentials as shown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Airflow Web UI, click on `Admin` -> `Connections` -> `Add a new record` (the plus).
Then enter your MinIO host and credentials as shown.
```

image::airflow_edit_s3_connection.png[Airflow connection menu]

The name or connection ID is `minio`, the type is `Amazon Web Services`, the `AWS Access Key ID` and `AWS Secret Access Key` are filled with the S3 credentials.
The `Extra` field contains the endpoint URL like:

[source,json]
----
{

>   "endpoint_url": "http://minio.minio.svc.cluster.local:9000"

Reviewer: I'd say most guides assume the default namespace
```suggestion
  "endpoint_url": "http://minio.default.svc.cluster.local:9000"
```

}
----

=== Executor configuration

> Now we can add ENV variables to the Airflow cluster definition and configure the S3 logging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you need to add the following ENV variables to the Airflow cluster definition to configure the S3 logging.
```

[source,yaml]
----
include::example$example-airflow-kubernetes-executor-s3-logging.yaml[]
----

> Now you should be able to fetch and inspect logs in the Airflow Web UI from S3 for each DAG.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you should be able to fetch and inspect logs in the Airflow Web UI from S3 for each DAG run.
```
